403
Forbidden
The server understood the request, but is refusing to fulfill it. 
Authorization will not help and the request SHOULD NOT be repeated. 
If the request method was not HEAD and the server wishes to make public 
why the request has not been fulfilled, it SHOULD describe the reason 
for the refusal in the entity. If the server does not wish to make this 
information available to the client, the status code 404 (Not Found) can be used instead.

401 
Unauthorized
The request requires user authentication. The response MUST 
include a WWW-Authenticate header field (section 14.47) containing 
a challenge applicable to the requested resource. The client MAY 
repeat the request with a suitable Authorization header field (section 14.8).
 If the request already included Authorization credentials, then the 401 response 
 indicates that authorization has been refused for those credentials. If the 401 
 response contains the same challenge as the prior response, and the user agent 
 has already attempted authentication at least once, then the user SHOULD be presented
  the entity that was given in the response, since that entity might include
   relevant diagnostic information. HTTP access authentication is explained 
   in "HTTP Authentication: Basic and Digest Access Authentication".


204: 
The server has fulfilled the request but does not need to return an entity-body, and might want to return updated metainformation. The response MAY include new or updated metainformation in the form of entity-headers, which if present SHOULD be associated with the requested variant.
If the client is a user agent, it SHOULD NOT change its document view from that which caused the request to be sent. This response is primarily intended to allow input for actions to take place without causing a change to the user agent's active document view, although any new or updated metainformation SHOULD be applied to the document currently in the user agent's active view.
The 204 response MUST NOT include a message-body, and thus is always terminated by the first empty line after the header fields.


201: 
The request has been fulfilled and resulted in a new resource being created. The newly created resource can be referenced by the URI(s) returned in the entity of the response, with the most specific URI for the resource given by a Location header field. The response SHOULD include an entity containing a list of resource characteristics and location(s) from which the user or user agent can choose the one most appropriate. The entity format is specified by the media type given in the Content-Type header field. The origin server MUST create the resource before returning the 201 status code. If the action cannot be carried out immediately, the server SHOULD respond with 202 (Accepted) response instead.